# Identifying-Unknown-Financial-Entities-on-the-Internet

First, the text data was collected from more than 1000 websites, then I cleaned and pre-processed it.  

Second, I used a traditional method of text mining, “key words extraction”. This method is about analyzing the relation between term frequency (TF) and inverse document frequency (IDF), so that the key words of a text can be selected out. However, it showed that the outcome was not very good. I analyzed the reasons of this, including one important factor that the unknown entities may not necessarily conform to the cohesion principle. Thus, I developed a new method to overcome this problem and thus deal with such issues. This method is described as following: First, I segmented the text data and get the word categories of each word using jiebaR, an r package for Chinese words segmentation. Based on the segmentation outcome, I defined a new word category “nt” (which represents entities). The words of category “nt” were selected out by the outcome of the training data, in terms of the relative frequency. Then I analyzed the combinations of word categories of financial entities, as well as the correlation with the fore-and-after words. Then I got the most likely combinations of word categories of financial entities through training data.    

Third, I created a new category of word "brad" (sorry I simply used my English name) based on the characters of the Chinese language. They are the words or part of the words that can tell that there might be a name near it, like "有限公司", "APP", et cetera.  Then I can I marked out those combinations for a higher likelihood of unknown entities, and repeated the same process of “key word extraction”. And the outcome of my new method increased the performance by 40%.